Case Study of the Reasons for the LARGE's Effectiveness

To gain insight into why the LARGE improves the accuracy of group recommendations, we conduct visualization experiments using t-SNE9 \cite{belkina2019automated} to randomly visualize leadership and regular group in the embedding space in Fig. \ref{figcasestudy}. In these visualizations, we aim to reveal the embedding relationships in different group types.
For each group, we compute two embeddings: the embedding of the group and the embedding of the leader. The embedding of the group is obtained by aggregating member preferences through the attention network, and this embedding represents the aggregated preferences of the entire group, not only considering the influence of the leader members. The leader's embedding is the preferences of members whose attention weights are highest. It should be emphasized that since regular groups do not have a clear leader, the pseudo-leader are identified here to help us compare the embedding characteristics between the different group types and thus support our research hypotheses.

As shown in Fig. \ref{figcasestudy}(a), for the leadership group in the CAMRa2011 dataset, the embedding of leader is closer to the embedding of group interaction items (positive items) than the embedding of groups formed using traditional attention network aggregation. This suggests that our proposed framework rationally chooses the leader's preferences to guide the group recommendation strategy, thus avoiding the consideration of other members' opinions and achieving high recommendation performance.
 For the regular group in Fig. \ref{figcasestudy}(b), the proximity between the group and the positive items outweighs the proximity between the leader's embedding and the positive items. This indicates that in regular groups, group preferences obtained by aggregation are more representative of the group's true preferences. The same phenomenon can be observed in the Mafengwo dataset shown in Fig. \ref{figcasestudy}(c) and Fig. \ref{figcasestudy}(d), proving the importance of differentiating the leadership groups.